docs/general/server-configs.md, before:

# Server Configurations

## Apache

This boilerplate includes an `.htaccess` file that does two things:

1. Redirect all traffic to HTTPS because ServiceWorker only works for encrypted
   traffic.
1. Rewrite all pages (e.g. `yourdomain.com/subpage`) to `yourdomain.com/index.html`
   to let `react-router` take care of presenting the correct page.

> Note: For performance reasons you should probably adapt this to run as a static
  `.conf` file (typically under `/etc/apache2/sites-enabled` or similar) so that
  your server doesn't have to apply these rules dynamically per request)

### security
`.htaccess` can only provide security by redirecting HTTP to HTTPS

> Note: For a detailled security configuration in apache httpd, a `.conf` file is necessary. You can use [Mozillas TLS Configurator](https://mozilla.github.io/server-side-tls/ssl-config-generator/) to get some examples.

## Nginx

This boilerplate also includes an `.nginx.conf` file that does the same on Nginx server.

### security

Additionally, the `.nginx.conf` provides TLS security configuration settings based on [Mozillas TLS Guidelines](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS), including:

- HSTS Header
- TLS 1.2 only
- Prefer server-side ciphersuites
- Strong ciphersuites
- Own DH Key (optional)
- OCSP & SSL Stapling (optional)

Commit message:

docs(servers): update server conf files for offline-first per #645 (#1381)
* docs(servers): update server conf files for offline-first per #645

re caching see https://github.com/mxstbr/react-boilerplate/issues/645#issuecomment-263550516

Apache
http://stackoverflow.com/a/33287352/522756

Nginx
https://www.nginx.com/blog/nginx-caching-guide/

* Update .gitattributes

added "." to nginx.conf

* Remove empty line in list

* Picked a nit :-)

docs/general/server-configs.md, after:

# Server Configurations

## Apache

This boilerplate includes an `app/.htaccess` file that does three things:

1. Redirect all traffic to HTTPS because ServiceWorker only works for encrypted
   traffic.
1. Rewrite all pages (e.g. `yourdomain.com/subpage`) to `yourdomain.com/index.html`
   to let `react-router` take care of presenting the correct page.
1. Ensure that sw.js is not cached. This is required for updates to be downloaded in offline-first mode.

> Note: For performance reasons you should probably adapt this to run as a static
  `.conf` file (typically under `/etc/apache2/sites-enabled` or similar) so that
  your server doesn't have to apply these rules dynamically per request)

### security
`.htaccess` can only provide security by redirecting HTTP to HTTPS

> Note: For a detailled security configuration in apache httpd, a `.conf` file is necessary. You can use [Mozillas TLS Configurator](https://mozilla.github.io/server-side-tls/ssl-config-generator/) to get some examples.

## Nginx

An `app/.nginx.conf` file is included that does the same on an Nginx server.

### security

Additionally, the `.nginx.conf` provides TLS security configuration settings based on [Mozillas TLS Guidelines](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS), including:

- HSTS Header
- TLS 1.2 only
- Prefer server-side ciphersuites
- Strong ciphersuites
- Own DH Key (optional)
- OCSP & SSL Stapling (optional)
